Going on with the story.
Finally, the chosen common destination
was the United States.
Everyone started packing their bags.
Some were over the moon because it was
the country of their dreams, while others
did so with a heavy heart, knowing that
the journey to this country would be no
walk in the park.
Still, there was a shared feeling among
them that no one wanted to admit.
Uncertainty.
Will we make it?
They all wondered.
Since there were so many people, it
wasn't safe to travel all together in one
go, so they split into two different options.
Hit the road.
They would use cars and motorcycles up to
a certain point.
After that, they would hoof it for seven
weeks to reach the meeting point.
Take to the water.
They would raft it across the sea,
arriving in about four weeks.
Some preferred to reach their destination
overland, imagining they might find some
pit stops along the way.
Plus, they were terrified of the water
since they didn't know how to swim.
They figured the bears and pumas roaming
those jungles would be spooked by such a
large group.
Others decided to set sail by water.
Fewer risks of getting mugged, and the
journey would be a lot quicker.
the tidal ages of Jahre ask less cierto,
It would ethnic group dressing and under
the instructor, I have left here a RICHä½.
We decide everything